📝 Ajout du CONTRIBUTING.md (#269)
zenika-open-source/FAQ: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Contributions, issues and feature requests are very welcome. If you are using this app and fixed a bug or improve it, please consider submitting a PR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions, issues and feature requests are very welcome. If you are using this app and improved it or fixed a bug, please consider submitting a PR!
```

- grammatical error "improve" -> "improved"
- I suggest inverting "improved it" and "fixed a bug" so that there is no grammatical ambiguity as to what "improve" refers to.

## Guidelines

### Commit messages

> This project uses [gitmoji](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/) as commit convention, because it's fun and provides an easy way of identifying the purpose or intention of a commit with only looking at the emojis used. All you have to do is to find the emoji corresponding to the purpose of your commit in [this list](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/) following by a short message explaining the update. You can also add a description if it's needed. That's all ;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses [gitmoji](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/) as the commit convention, because it's fun and provides an easy way of identifying the purpose or intention of a commit only by looking at the emojis used. All you have to do is to find the emoji corresponding to the purpose of your commit in [this list](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/), followed by a short message explaining the update. You can also add a description if it's needed. That's all ;)
```

Just grammar fixes :)
